https://api-docs.home-connect.com/programs-and-options?#dishwasher

DishwasherCopied link to clipboard
The following list contains all dishwasher programs, which are supported by the API. Please note that not all programs are supported for a specific dishwasher model. Therefore, we recommend to use the available program interface to check the program availability.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.PreRinse

Rinsing of dishes in cold water without detergent.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Auto1

Automatically adjusted program sequence: cleaning and drying according to degree of soiling (sensor-optimized) of lightly soiled dishes with optimum consumption.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Auto2

Automatically adjusted program sequence: cleaning and drying according to degree of soiling (sensor-optimized) of normally soiled dishes with optimum consumption.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Auto3

Automatically adjusted program sequence: cleaning and drying according to degree of soiling (sensor-optimized) of highly soiled dishes with optimum consumption.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Eco50

Most economical rinsing program for cleaning and drying of normally soiled dishes for all rinsing situations with reduced water and energy consumption.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Quick45

Particularly quick cleaning of lightly soiled dishes within approx. half an hour.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Intensiv70

Special cleaning for highly soiled dishes, particularly for pots and pans.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Normal65

Cleaning for medium up to highly soiled dishes, particularly for mixed dishes.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Glas40

Gentle cleaning of sensitive dishes, e.g. high-quality glasses at lower temperatures. The drying phase is extended especially for extra gentle drying.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.GlassCare

A cycle for lightly soiled dishes which is ideal for temperature sensitive dishes or silverware. It is especially helpful to reduce a cloudy or etched appearance on glasses.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.NightWash

Particularly gentle cleaning and drying of normally soiled dishes.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Quick65

Particularly quick cleaning of normally soiled dishes.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Normal45

Recommended for daily, regular or typical use to completely wash a full load of normally soiled dishes.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Intensiv45

Intensive and economical program for heavily soiled dishes, pots, glasses.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.AutoHalfLoad

Reduced water consumption when washing small, lightly soiled loads.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.IntensivPower

Special cleaning for dishes with heavy or burnt-in soiling, particularly for pots and pans.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.MagicDaily

Time-optimised with intensive cleaning and drying for daily use.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Super60

Maximum cleaning and drying performance for highly soiled dishes.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.Kurz60

Time-optimised, for normally soiled dishes.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.ExpressSparkle65

Special cleaning for dishes with very heavy and burnt-in soiling, particularly for pots and pans.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.MachineCare

Machine cleaning cycle. Without dishes, using machine cleaning detergent.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.SteamFresh

Rinsing and hygienic drying.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.MaximumCleaning

Special cleaning for heavily soiled, greasy dishes, particularly for pots and pans.

Dishcare.Dishwasher.Program.MixedLoad

Recommended for a mixed load with glasses, tableware, pots and pans.
